Document linker warning on macOS (#2153)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/installation.rst

  make test

You can also test each module separately by using running the ``test-frontend``,
``test-dialects``, and ``test-runtime`` targets instead.
Alternately, ``make pytest`` (a subset of ``test-frontend``) and ``make lit`` (a combination of

> subsets from ``test-frontend`` and ``test-dialects``) are also available, where the pytest suite

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure `make lit` just runs the frontend lit tests, not the dialect ones.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternately, the ``test-frontend`` target can be broken up into two subsets,
``make pytest`` and ``make lit``, where the pytest suite
```

      If not, PyTest might try to use the default Python binary: ``/usr/bin/python3``.
      (See user's report `here <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/issues/377>`_)

      .. raw:: html

        <hr>

      In some mac setups, it's possible that certain Catalyst libraries are compiled with a
      different OSX deployment version than what Catalyst uses when compiling a user program.
      You may see the following *warning* in that case when using Catalyst:

      .. code-block:: console

        ld: warning: building for macOS-15.0, but linking with dylib '@rpath/libcustom_calls.so' which was built for newer version 15.7

      While this warning does not prevent using Catalyst, if you would like to eliminate it set the

>       following variable (adjust value as need to the warning you see):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      While this warning does not prevent using Catalyst, if you would like to eliminate it, set the
      following environment variable (adjust the value as needed given the warning you see):
```
